Miss, the mission is complete
I successfully got the thirty billion
Well done
I’ll transfer you one billion
Take it to Fù Jiā Háo
What for?
If he doesn’t see some profit
How will he willingly
Hand over more money?
Besides
I have another purpose
Understood
How much will I demand from him this time?
Ten billion
Jiā Háo
Thank you
Thank you, without you
I wouldn’t know
What to do
You’re the woman I like
If I don’t help you, who would I help?
Such a smooth talker
Last time’s profits weren’t much
Just one billion
But you trusted me so much
I’ll make sure you don’t lose out
Profits already so soon?
Of course
I’ve successfully
Returned to the board
From now on
As long as I have a share
You’ll have one too